friends here.
We're going to see the difference between try except finally on dry except Elsa Block
theology.
We know simple prayer and accept on Friday except exceptional Z and also by adding known
exceptions,
right,
See,
I mean,
let me weapon my older and I'm going toe save it as a simple script.
Differences.
Yeah,
I would take this one.
No,
See that?
So already?
We know if I tried toe prints,
something called Variable Year right?
Simpler imprinting exception occur.
So,
guys,
I'm trying to print the variable value year.
But if that is not different,
definitely will get an exception.
That's why I'm handling in this way you start getting an era.
It's correct.
But the thing is,
what type of exception you're getting.
So for that,
what you can do,
you can add exception as e Stedman.
And then you can print that Earl as well.
Yes,
I'm getting there.
But if name is not defined,
you know that what is the exception?
Your fighting is going to rice that is name error.
That's why I can handle known errors in this way.
Also before you will accept exceptionals e block,
you can buy it in the street like ways any any,
like any accepted he can handle.
If you know the exceptions,
bearable is not define now.
Which Block is going to execute like this block is going to exclude?
Suppose you feei is defined them.
There is no exception,
like if he's define no exception,
simply are bringing available value.
It may be any value,
right,
that's fine.
But if he is no different than on your part on is going to rise an exception on if that
exception is there here,
then it will match and will exclude that except the block.
That's fine.
Likewise,
you can handle any number of exceptions if you know,
and we know we have finally as well.
What is the use of uses off?
Finally,
this will execute always.
I love money.
See,
as I have no yays 10 under your trying to print the available values,
for there is no exception.
So your prey block is such as if private off success,
you're not getting an exception.
That's fine,
but if finally,
is that whether you are going to exclude your tribe block successfully or not,
or whether you are going to rise any exception or not.
Finally,
we'll always excuse.
So whatever the quarter is there and finally that we'll always execute.
That's fine.
No one I'm doing is let me come in this.
No,
I'm going to write else block.
So I'm reading.
Simply bring this will execute if there is no If there is no exceptions in my block,
that's it.
Simple finally,
is always excluding.
But whereas if you are else block after all your exceptions in your pie block,
what will happen means if there is no exception.
If everything goes good with your tribe block,
then only else will also execute.
So hats off.
No,
everything is good.
I mean,
my block is good,
right?
You There is no chance to get any exception because he is there and you're trying to print
the available value.
Not this will excutive.
There is no exception.
Your newer pray block know what I'm doing is I'm building your very able value.
Now you're going to get an exception is not defined,
That is name it.
A variable is not defined.
So if you get any exception in your tribe block,
then you're else won't execute.
No.
See the results.
You're not getting this message else else block Mrs.
So simply simply.
If if this is success right,
then only else will execute.
If I if private you any suppose if any exceptional calling pray then else won't excuse.
Right?
Fine.
So you know the difference else.
And then finally,
in case you can also include after else.
Finally,
also,
that means actually dry except any number off exception blocks and then else.
And finally,
that complete syntax if you want.
So finally,
finally and else are optional.
These two are optional.
If you want,
we can included right?
No cm runny.
What did happen bring the some exception occurred that his name error.
So that's why variable is no different.
You're printing.
So if exception occurred than anywhere else wanting,
scored so else.
My says you're not getting but finally are getting because finally will always to exclude
that.
Now I am defending everyday value.
My I'm running.
See,
that is a so there is not accepting your tribe block.
That's why it is successful.
Your price success if price access else will execute.
Yes,
you are getting anywhere.
Finally,
finally will always six school.
That's what it is going.
So this is the complete SIM packs for you were try except on else finally block night.
So guys for timing tried to remember the syntax.
If you write in this way,
what will happen?
But what time?
What what blood is going to excuse,
Right?
So once we start with the real time scenarios there,
I will try to you this effectively up to that.
I can use it for timing Fighter.
Remember distant taxes.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this review.